hello it's sunday Tolliver and this
week's topic is how to survive high
school and it's not advise the school
system in Denmark is different from the
American and English and just different
from other countries of course so we
will call high school gym nation in
Denmark and it lasts three years and you
start when you're about 15 I started
when I was I was 17 it spits it's diff
different from people it's yeah it's
about it and I just think that high
school there mike is very different from
other high schools and well because we
don't really accept mocking and there's
some bling no one is spitting up as far
as I know no it's something very
different in high school them ugh it's
mostly about school and drinking and
parties so of course there is a social
pressure to be cool and all that but
again we don't beat each other up it's
not very common I have no advice on how
to survive high school as transgendered
person be yours I didn't realize I was
transgender when I went to high school I
realized I was transgender a month
before I graduated so I survived high
school by being in a lot of love a lot
of different projects from everything I
was precedent up the Red Cross Club I
was president of the Anniston youth club
I participated in a culture youngster
group who arranged concerts and comedy
at a local theater and I played a lot of
theater everything I could I would have
drama classes and I even set up my own
music over 35 other young people and I
was an instructor and an actor and it
was huge project and I did all solve
everything you could find you have like
student student committee and the party
committee and
just everything you could you could do
on the school I was in it because I
thought schools really boring so I got
through high school but doing a lot of
think fun things but it took a lot of
time so my great cond were the best and
that sucks because I was so engaged in
all these projects and things I and and
and I have multiple colored hair I pink
hair orange hair rainbow hair I had also
think people knew me everybody on the
school nearly we were like what 300
students and everybody knew who I was
that really made that yeah I was bullied
I was marked and I was called a player
and I was called a lot of mean things
behind my back and I was even bullied
online on my blog on facebook and people
who really really mean to me sometimes
but I I remember to have a close-knit
group of friends who were always there
to support me and they protected me and
they supported me and when I was feeling
down that people were saying mean things
about me my friend who say both they are
not right I know you better than they do
and they are wrong and that helped me a
lot so my first advice and houses about
high school is being a lot of projects
that you find fun I fought a further
fine L acting in theater fun and helping
people so I was in that but yours just
like chess committee and I know
political groups do that if you find
that fun second is to have a close group
of friends will always support you and
always be there for you and protect you
no matter what that's really important
to if you're bullied or marked or
anything of by other people just
remember that haters gonna hate really
if they think you are a bad person and
you they will oh no it just they're just
jealous of you because you're cool so if
other people don't like you then
them and don't believe what they say
about you haters gonna hate and just
listen to
friends listen to your heart you
probably know what's best for you and
you probably know when you're doing
something that you shouldn't be doing to
sum it up friends social things things
you do to find fun and he does go hate
basically transgender in my high school
I as i said earlier found out when I was
a month before I graduated but I imagine
if I had come out as a chance in the
person in high school people would have
fought it was rare but and maybe they
wouldn't they would ask me a lot about
what it means being a transgender person
but I just went to school where they
were really accepting and I was out sk
as lesbian and people accepted it
totally they actually just used me as a
LGBT book so if they had any questions
about how it is to be gay the company
and I imagine if I had come out as
transgender person I would have to
answer a lot of questions not mean
questions but just just questions from
people and it would have been really
difficult for my teachers my friends and
school to get used too many limbs I'm so
I'm just happy that I realized I was
transgendered when I graduated because
then I could start and a new school as
Oliver and not for you too much about it
the past and see you next time day